[Music]
hi everyone and welcome to another
episode of kids toy videos today we have
a special treat we have the mr. Potato
Head a Marvel superhero collectors pack
this awesome 16 piece set includes mr.
Potato Head Captain America Wolverine
Iron Man and spider-man let's take a
look at the back here it's showing us
that we can mix and match the different
superhero pieces to create our own
mixed-up Marvel hero here on the left
there is a picture of mr. Potato Head
Hulk Doc Ock and Spider Man all mixed up
to create this fearsome hero and here on
the right we have Spider Man Captain
America and Iron Man mixed up to create
this awesome
cool mr. Potato Head superhero
on the right side panel of the box it
shows us some more examples of how we
can mix and match the mr. Potato Head to
create our own superhero they're mixing
spider-man Wolverine and Ironman and
created this cool new mixable Mashable
hero on the left side of the box is
showing us another combination of mixing
and matching here they have Captain
America Iron Man and spider-man to
create this awesome new mixable Mashable
hero they even have one more example on
the top of the box here they're showing
Iron Man spider-man and Wolverine to
create this awesome new hero well all of
this mixing and matching is making me so
excited to give it a try myself let's
open it
[Applause]
[Music]
this is so awesome
first we have mr. Potato Head
Captain America mr. Potato Head
Captain America is wearing his blue
American flag inspired costume
Captain America has a shield that is
practically indestructible
[Music]
he's got on his Captain America mask
with that infamous letter A on it this
is truly America's hero next we have mr.
Potato Head as Wolverine this Wolverine
is the Wolverine from the x-men
evolution animation series this
Wolverine is different because instead
of his yellow and blue suit he is
wearing his orange and black suit her
would you like some Adam into him with
those fries next we have mr. Potato Head
spider-man this mr. Potato Head
spider-man is different because he is
wearing his black spider-man outfit
spider-man really likes his black outfit
because his girlfriend black calf made
it for him perhaps she made the soup
black to make it look more like her suit
so they can be more matchy now that's so
cool mr. Potato Head
spider-man costume has a picture of a
spider that had legs that go clear
across his chest all the way to the back
now that is one superhero that you don't
want to mess with last but not least mr.
Potato Head as Iron Man Iron Man's real
name is Tony Stark and he is a brilliant
engineer he made this awesome powered
suit of armor
Iron Man uses his powerful suit of armor
to protect the world from all evil mr.
Potato Head Iron Man has a red and
silver suit which is his silver
Centurion suit this suit has a rigid
interior and a 3d metallic exterior his
suit is so strong that it can protect
him from heat cold and acid electricity
and even radiation this mr. Potato Head
is one indestructible superhero now I'm
going to mix spider-man Captain America
and Iron Man together
to create a new more powerful superhero
let's make it
[Music]
yes I'm going to call him captain iron
spider
[Music]
he is really cool let's make another one
the next new mixed-up Mashable hero that
I'm gonna create is a mix of Spider Man
Iron Man and Wolverine let's create it
[Applause]
[Music]
Wow
he is one mean-looking superhero I like
him I think I'm gonna call him the iron
rover spider I don't think I'd want to
mess with him
there are so many combinations to create
your own mr. Potato Head superhero have
fun mixing and matching your own
superhero and go out there and save the
world from all evil thanks for watching
and don't forget to subscribe to kids
toy videos bye everyone
[Music]